Re-use existing container bundles when restarting succeeded workloads (#650)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: agent/doc/swdesign/README.md

- impl
- utest

#### WorkloadControlLoop reuses bundle on successful workload restart
`swdd~workload-control-loop-reuses-bundle-on-successful-restart~1`

Status: approved

> When the WorkloadControlLoop restarts a workload that has reached the ExecutionState `Succeeded`, then the WorkloadControlLoop shall reuse the existing bundle and workload files.

Reviewer: I'm lacking a bit the reason for the restart:
```suggestion
When the WorkloadControlLoop executes a restart policy for a workload that has reached the ExecutionState `Succeeded`, then the WorkloadControlLoop shall reuse the existing bundle and workload files.
```
